README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/api-reference/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/api-routes) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/api-routes) instead of React pages.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn-pages-router) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Revise README with project details and deployment info
Updated project description, added live demo link, and changed deployment instructions.

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/api-reference/create-next-app).

## AppscripMart (FakeApi Store)/ FrontEnd
A simple E-coomerce like store where you can shop add and buy your favourite products in one store.

## Live Demo 
🔗https://app.netlify.com/projects/appscrip-taskdone-faiyazkhan/configuration/general

## Screen shots 
![Home Screen](

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/api-routes) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/api-routes) instead of React pages.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn-pages-router) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/Fk4111/appscrip-taskNew-faiyazkhan.git
) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deployed on Netlify

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app on Netlify is to connect your GitHub with Netlify and authorized the app and then make new project and deploy it believe me its that much simple. You can also deploy it on Vercel as per your convenience.

Check out my [deployment on Netlify](https://app.netlify.com/projects/appscrip-taskdone-faiyazkhan/configuration/general) for more details.
